Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
What time is it sweetheart?
-- It's early. go back to sleep.
I told you to wake me.
You need your rest... you both do.
I love you.
I love you too.
Daddy will be home soon.
I'll bring him home.
THE RAID: REDEMPTION
OK. listen up.
Our target is Tama Riyadi.
You all know the brief by now...
The man's an underworld legend.
Considered a king... a God...
by every criminal in town.
This building's his own personal fortress
hidden from the police.
I don't care how powerful he's become..
He must be stopped.
Be aware. he leases most of the rooms...
to scumbags running from the law.
Our mission is this...
We enter. and we take him down!
Yes sir!
-- But that's not all...
Intel's advising of an in-house narcotics lab.
So there'll be extra security.
but we must destroy it.
He also has two personal bodyguards.
The first. "mad dog".
A homicidal maniac.
with a real violent streak.
Then there's Andy.
more brains than brawn.
He keeps "mad dog" in check.
But don't be fooled...
He'll kill you just as easily.
given the chance.
Watch this for me.
I'll be right back.
Where were we?
Focus at all times.
We'll take the place floor by floor.
Watch for spotters.
Sarge. why today?
It feels rushed.
Are you serious?
-- It's a valid question!
Go back to the academy if you're scared.
You two finished?
Can I continue?
Remember. this wont be the first time
Tama's come under attack.
His rivals have all tried in the past.
Tried... and failed.
Be careful in there men.
This will NOT be a walk in the park.
30 seconds.
Prepare your weapons.
There'll be no empty seats in here
on the way home.
Now. let's clean up this fucking city.
Lieutenant.
-- Sergeant Jaka.
Who's the kid?
A rookie...
he was a standout in the academy.
Do you understand how critical this is?
Of course.
but we need the manpower.
Inexperience could ruin this mission...
This wont be like field training!
Ok. he'll bring up the rear.
Yeah. the very VERY rear!
We'll divide into teams...
I'll enter through B-3.
You take the right flank.
And the lieutenant?
He'll come with me.
Take him out.
B-3 secured.
C'mon. let's move!
Where you off to?
What the hell?
Let me go!
You're not going anywhere!
My wife's sick
she needs these meds.
Now let me go...
Try to move again & you're dead!
What the...?
Relax.
Bowo. enough!
A hero huh?
Fine. he's all yours.
What's your apartment number?
-- 726.
She'll get her meds. don't worry
But for your protection.
we'll have to escort you.
My wife needs these now!
I understand. but please be patient.
Fuck that...
-- Hey!
It's either my way...
or his.
Huddle up!
It's time to enter.
We're watching you!
Stop!
Clear!
Cuff him!
Son of a bitch!
Remain calm!
Don't do anything stupid.
Listen to me kid.
We wont shoot.
Now listen...
Stop!
Police!
What was that?
-- I had to.
Sarge.
We have a spotter!
Fuck!
Police!
We've got company.
I've been waiting for this.
Cease all communication.
We're going into lockdown.
I'll call the neighbors.
We have visitors.
You know what to do.
I'll take the one on the left.
You take the right.
Now...
Wait.
Let him scream.
Exterior clear.
Last night was the worst
game I've ever seen.
They couldn't score in a whorehouse.
Sometimes I wonder why I follow the...
Help!
They're trying to kill me!
Don't move!
-- Help me. please!
Stop!
Fifth floor's clear.
Hold your position!
Find out what the fuck's happening down there.
Lieutenant. stay with me.
Forget him!
Return to your position.
Vehicle 1... Vehicle 1.
This is Jaka. come in.
All units. This is Jaka.
Come in.
They're all dead.
Good morning everyone!
In case you haven't noticed by now..
We have some rather unwelcome guests today.
Now. as a public notice to all...
should you help rid the building
of this little 'infestation'...
you can consider yourself a lifelong resident...
Free of charge.
These fucking cockroaches
are currently located on the sixth floor.
So good luck.
And please. enjoy yourselves.
Lieutenant. call it in.
We need backup.
We can handle it!
-- With all due respect..
It'll be a blood bath at this rate.
Make the call!
I can't...
-- What. why not?
because...
we aren't...
Who else knows we're here?
What the fuck have you gotten us into?
We're alone.
Sarge!
You stay put.
Wait!
Everyone fall back!
Move!
What have you done now?
-- Come here.
See for yourself.
Are you crazy?
-- Hey. watch it.
Everything's under control.
Well then answer me this...
What happens when reinforcements arrive?
You don't kill cops. you buy them!
Does it look like they want a cheque?
There won't be any reinforcements.
Or repercussions.
This is no different from one of our
rivals getting torn to pieces.
and afterwards.
we'll simply clean up the mess.
How's that?
-- Because I know who's behind this.
Scared old fuck.
I've got you right where I want you.
Pull back. Hangi. open the door.
-- Yes. sir!
Clear?
-- Clear!
Shut the door.
No. wait!
Fuck!
We have to get out of here.
Alee. your axe!
Sarge!
Follow me.
Jaka!
Wait!
They're coming!
Bowo. axe!
Get me the fuck out of here!
Alee. help!
Dagu!
Once I dump this. turn it 'round.
One. two. three.
The fuck was that?
They just hit back.
What's the damage?
I'd estimate about 2 rooms.
That's not bad.
And about 30 rent-paying residents...
Check which rooms they stayed in.
Clean out their valuables..
to cover the damage.
Both of you get down there.
I want this brought under control.
Yes. boss.
I'll use the stairs.
you take the lift.
Meet back on the 7th floor.
Tommy. Ang - go with him.
I'm fine alone.
Go with him.
Go on.
Fine.
Where we going?
-- Room 726.
Why?
-- The guy from downstairs.
No. not him!
-- He's our only hope.
We can't trust him.
What if he's one of them?
He's not.
Leave it.
Up 2 floors.
Hey..
Hey. open up!
Open the door please!
If you don't let us in. we're dead.
Don't do it.
don't get us involved.
Please. they're coming.
I'm begging you. look at me.
Open the door.
Please!
Don't turn your back on us. please.
Start searching from there.
Over here.
Wait.
What the fuck's going on?
Shut the fuck up or I'll cut you.
Check high and low.
Don't leave anything unturned.
You hiding anyone here?
-- No way.
You wouldn't be lying now. would you?
I fucking hate liars.
They put me in a bad mood.
Which tends to make me lash out.
Honestly. there's nobody here.
-- We'll see.
What's this?
Leave that alone.
Hey. careful God damn it!
That's my wife's medication!
Leave us alone would you?
This is bullshit.
Look around. there's nobody here!
Don't fucking question me.
It's the truth.
please leave us alone!
You want me to slice that bitch up?
Do you?
Then sit down!
Alright. let's go.
Quick I need a knife.
something sharp.
You're gonna be ok.
Just stay calm.
I'm gonna fix you up.
Hold on...
It's all I've got.
Fuck you. look harder.
I don't have any knives.
What about a spoon or chopsticks?
Screw it. just go.
What's with that?
What the fuck. man?
Tell me about this building.
There must be an easy way out?
I wish there was.
The truth is.
Tama has complete control of this building.
Even if you got past the cameras...
They'd trap you in the hallways.
There's no easy escape.
The only real route out of here...
is the same one you used coming in.
Why are you really here anyway?
I've seen that old lieutenant here before.
He knows all about this place.
Not every cop is dirty you know?
I know.
That's why I opened the door.
Bowo can be a pain in the ass.
But he's a good man.
Take care of him..
I'll be back as soon as I can.
Haha. that's what I said!
Over here!
Up!
Chop his leg!
Where did he come from?
Stop it! Calm down!
What the fuck are you doing here?
Stay on the lookout.
They're dead.
We don't know that.
Think about it Jaka.
one's injured & the other's a rookie.
They're no chance.
I'm sorry. but going up there is just too risky.
You listen to me.
The lives of my men. rest with me.
You wanna talk about risking lives?
you've put ALL of ours at risk!
You owe us all.
Who ordered this mission?
-- What?
It obviously wasn't you.
No one leads the charge in their own dirty work.
Careful. Jaka.
Remember yor rank.
-- Rank?
Fuck rank!
Once we make it outta here...
You'll be mopping up puddles of piss
in a prison cell for the rest of your life.
We didn't come here for justice. did we?
We're here to make someone rich.
I'll ask you one last time.
who ordered this raid?
I'd rather take my chances in here.
Suit yourself.
We're going back up there
and we're gonna find them.
And then we leave.
Any objections?
Thought not.
Everyone ready?
Move out!
Go with him!
Now!
I don't like using these.
Takes away the rush.
Squeezing a trigger.
is like ordering takeout.
Now this...
This is what it's all about.
Gets my blood pumping.
This is what I do.
You shouldn't be here.
Yeah well...
Neither should you.
Who are they?
Nobody.
Don't they check for family links...
They only have your first name on record.
They couldn't have known.
I almost choked
when they showed us your photo.
Gone for six years.
and this is how I find you...
You have to leave.
Right now.
-- No way.
Not without you.
-- What?
You heard.
I don't think you understand...
I do.
But it's time you came home.
Look. THIS is my home now.
You want a heart-to-heart. just call.
We've had so many briefings.
Plotting your death.
I'm your only way out of here...
without being dead or in handcuffs.
Look. I'm not going anywhere ok?
It's you who needs saving.
How many of your team are left?
You're better than this.
-- Really? How so?
I was always such a disappointment...
Imagine how proud he'd be of me now!
Dad just wants you home.
We all do.
No. fuck it.
I'm not that guy anymore.
This might be wrong in your eyes...
but it's all I know how to do.
It's all I'm good at.
This is me now.
No...
I won't go back.
You're going to be an uncle.
What?
Yeah. a boy.
In two months.
You're only telling me this.
to try & change my mind.
I'm telling you because you're my brother.
-- Well consider this...
If you stay here. you'll be dead.
before he's even born.
Have you thought about that?
-- Every day...
Since I got this job.
And it terrifies me.
Well. I'm sorry...
I'm staying!
Go then. they'll be looking for you.
You should change into civilian clothes.
No...
This suits me.
Hang back for a bit.
'til the coast is clear.
Hey. hold the lift.
Where are your men?
-- Still searching. and yours?
Same.
Where are you taking him?
-- The Boss.
That's not the guy.
It is.
-- Nah. definitely not.
He's dead anyway.
Yeah. well I'm taking him regardless.
It's more than you've got.
Rama. Come on.
Where's Bowo?
-- He's safe.
They got the Sargeant.
-- He's dead.
They dragged him across the floor
like an animal.
Why'd you split up?
What happened?
We got ambushed.
He ran & the Sarge ordered me after him.
We've got to figure this out.
We need to do it quickly.
You're the reason for all of this.
But we'll deal with that later.
Right now. you're with us in this.
What's your plan?
-- We're gonna attack.
We locate Tama.
and we use him to get out.
But it won't be easy.
-- The 15th floor.
It's where he runs everything.
But getting there is another thing.
And assuming we do get him...
Then what?
He'll help us.
-- You think?
Guns have a way of convincing people.
We don't have any left.
-- Then a knife. your bare hands. anything.
Whatever needs to be done.
It's our only chance.
Who's that?
-- I told him it wasn't the guy.
Hey. meanwhile you've brought back fuck-all.
That's not true. is it Andy?
What do you mean?
You must have something for me?
You wouldn't come back empty handed would you?
Sorry. I've got nothing.
Show me your hands.
Come here.
-- What?
Come on.
Empty.
You must have something?
Flip them.
Come on.
I guess you did waste my fucking time.
I found many dead bodies.
-- Oh yeah? And?
By my count. there's probably
two more cops out there.
What if I said there were three left?
I'm pretty sure it's only two...
You're pretty sure...
You little fuck!
You know. you almost had me.
You really did.
But never underestimate
the persistence of paranoia.
After seeing that. I was truly shocked.
It seems these monitors are the only
truth I have left.
As they say - "the camera never lies".
But please. tell me...
Why?
Why such a risky move?
Surely it's not your conscience?
No. there's more to it.
Although.
it doesn't really matter now.
You're going to die soon anyway.
But I'd really like to know...
Who's that little cunt.
tearing up my buiding?
And how might he react...
if you were to die in front of him?
Or better yet. if he was cut open
in front of you?
Fuck you.
Hurry up!
Don't move!
Drop the gun!
What's the problem?
Over here.
Faster!
Did I do something wrong. officer?
Shut the fuck up!
Raise your hands!
Dagu. cuff him.
Now. you're coming with me.
Unbelievable.
What the fuck?
Dagu?
He didn't make it.
You mother fucker!
Why?
Because I don't need you guys anymore.
I've got what I came for.
You'll never make it outta here.
-- Shut up!
Why do you think it was so easy to enter?
You really think we're that stupid?
We were waiting for you.
Ready to pick you off. one by one.
Well it didn't turn out too well. did it?
Oh. I don't know.
We got most of you...
and your getaway truck.
You're going nowhere.
You wont even make it to the gate.
You've got no men left. boss.
I only need one fucking bullet...
for your head.
You don't get it. do you?
You're dead.
Have been. ever since Reza called me.
Oh. that got your attention didnt it?
Reza and the other suits
want me in this post.
Because I make sure everyone's paid.
All you are to them.
is a pain in the ass.
I was never going to be replaced.
They sent you here to die.
Fuck you!
-- No. fuck you asshole!
Did you really think they'd let you
join them at the top?
You'll always be looking up!
You think they'll welcome you back
with a promotion after this?
Make you a hero?
You stupid fuck!
You'll be met by a fucking bullet.
Or a pillow over your face
while you sleep.
You're done. you fucking moron!
You're out!
Be quiet.
All residents. please return to your rooms.
It's all over.
He always knew someone would try
to fuck him over one day.
This was his insurance policy.
Evidence of every dirty cop in the city.
Not everyone you salute is rotten.
Find Bunawar.
He's an honest cop.
Open the gate!
Just keep walking.
Follow me.
It's funny.
In here. in my world..
I can protect you.
Could you do the same for me in yours?
They'll come here
and they'll tear this place apart.
I know they will.
So why are you staying?
For the same reason you stayed in that uniform.
It just fits!
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today